Add list users snippet, concept and testing (#732)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/modeling/testing-models.mdx

```
The example above checks that `user:anne` has access to the `organization:acme` as a member and is not an admin of any organization. It also checks that `user:peter`, given the current time is February 1st 2024, 0:10 AM, is not related to any organization as a member, but is related to `organization:acme` as an admin.

## Write List Users tests

:::caution Warning
ListUsers is currently in an experimental release. Read [the announcement](https://openfga.dev/blog/list-users-announcement) for more information.
:::

List users tests verify the results of the [list-users API](../getting-started/perform-list-users.mdx) to validate the users who or do not have access to an object

Each list users verification has the following structure:

| Object  | Description |
| -------- | -------- | 
|`object` | The object to list users for |

> |`user_filter` | Specifies the type or userset to filter with |

Reviewer: Mention that this is an array of length 1

Author: ```suggestion
|`user_filter` | Specifies the type or userset to filter with, this must only contain one entry |
```

> |`user_filter.type` | The specific type to filter with |
> |`user_filter.relation` | The specific relation to filter with (optional) |

Reviewer 2: **Soft suggestion:** I would avoid using the word "filter" (for no other reason than I think it'll make more sense to newcomers). 

```suggestion
|`user_filter.type` | The specific type of results to return with response |
|`user_filter.relation` | The specific relation of results to return with response. Specify to return usersets (optional) |
```

|`context` | A set of tests for contextual parameters used to evaluate [conditions](./conditions.mdx)|
|`assertions` | A list of assertions to make |
|`<relation>` | The name of the relation you want to verify |
|`<relation>.users` | The users who should have the stated relation to the object |

> |`<relation>.excluded_users` | The users who should have explicitly not have access to the object due to negation in the model |

Reviewer 2: I know we use a different term than "public typed wildcard" but think its worth mentioning here.

```suggestion
|`<relation>.excluded_users` | The users who should have explicitly not have access to the object due to evaluations of typed wildcards and negation |
```

> |`<relation>.excluded_users` | The users who should have explicitly not have access to the object due to evaluations of typed wildcards and negation |

Reviewer 2: Might want to check with @rhamzeh what the proper term for wildcard is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`<relation>.excluded_users` | The users who should have explicitly not have access to the object due to evaluations of type bound public access and negation (e.g. "all users except anne") |
```

In order to simplify test writing, the following syntax is supported for the various object types included in `users` and `excluded_users` from the API response:

* `<type>:<id>` to represent a userset that is a user
* `<type>:<id>#<relation>` to represent a userset that is a relation on a type

> * `<type>:*` to represent a userset that is a wildcard for a type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `<type>:*` to represent a userset that is a type bound public access for a type
```

The following is an example of using the `list_users` option in <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/> tests:

```yaml
    list_users:
      - object: organization:acme
        user_filter:
          - type: user
        assertions:
            member:
              users:
                - user:anne
              excluded_users: []
            admin:
              users: []
              excluded_users: []
              
      - object: organization:acme
        user_filter:

>           - type: user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - type: employee
```

Switch it up to provide more examples

        context: 
          current_time : "2024-02-01T00:10:00Z"
        assertions:
            member:
              users: []
              excluded_users: []
            admin:
              users:

>                 - user_peter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - employee:peter
```

              excluded_users: []

```

> The example above checks that `user:anne` has access to the `organization:acme` as a member and is not an admin of any organization. It also checks that `user:peter`, given the current time is February 1st 2024, 0:10 AM, is not related to any organization as a member, but is related to `organization:acme` as an admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above checks that `user:anne` has access to the `organization:acme` as a member and is not an admin of any organization. It also checks that `employee:peter`, given the current time is February 1st 2024, 0:10 AM, is not related to any organization as a member, but is related to `organization:acme` as an admin.
```
